
[bi-service-template](https://github.com/BohemiaInteractive/bi-service-template) plugin should help you get running. It generates working project skeleton based on minimal user input.  

Here is basic project file system structure:

- `config/`
- `config/<NODE_ENV>/config.json5`
    - service configuration
- `lib/`
- `lib/database/`
    - by convention, not required
- `lib/routes/`
    - by convention, not required
    - contents of the directory will be recursively loaded (by user-defined rules) at service startup (in `lib/app.js`) therefore filenames don't have any pattern required.
- `lib/routes/v1.0/`
- `lib/routes/v1.0/<app_name>/`
- `lib/app.js`
    - by convention is expected to export the {@link AppManager} instance
    - A service can have multiple applications running on different ports.
- `logs/`
    - when logging into the fs
- `index.js`
    - is required to export the {@link Service} instance


A service can be run by `npm start` or by `./node_modules/.bin/bi-service run` command respectively.  
See {@tutorial 2.CLI-interface} for list of options.  

A {@link Service} instance holds the main representation of a running web service. It's aware of {@link AppManager} with {@link App Apps} where each may listen on different TCP port. Also the service object has access to essential {@link ResourceManager} & {@link RemoteServiceManager} & [Service Config](https://github.com/BohemiaInteractive/bi-config)  

`require('bi-service')` === {@link Service Service Constructor}  

### $PROJECT_ROOT/index.js
--------------------------

`index.js` is the only file with enforced purpose. It's required to:  
* initialize resources (database connections, dependent services etc..) needed by the service
* it's responsible for attaching {@link  Service#event:set-up} event listener which should initialize individual applications running within the service
* it (`index.js` module) must export {@link Service} instance object
* if any optional plugins are desirable, they should be loaded at bottom of the file by simply requiring (`require('bi-service-<pluginname>')`) the package.


example:  

```javascript

const config  = require('bi-config');
const Service = require('bi-service').Service;

const sequelize = require('./lib/database/sequelize.js');

const service     = module.exports = new Service(config);
const resourceMgr = service.resourceManager;

service.sqlModelManager = sequelize.modelManager;
resourceMgr.register('postgres', sequelize);

service.on('set-up', function() {
    //initialize applications with route definitions
    require('./lib/app.js');
});

// bi-service plugin registration
require('bi-service-doc');
require('bi-service-shell');
```

See {@link Service#event:set-up} event API.  


### $PROJECT_ROOT/lib/app.js
----------------------------
the destination and filename is purely conventional matter and can be placed in custom location.  
It initializes all {@link AppInterface applications} which will be run within the service.

```javascript

const moduleLoader = require('bi-service').moduleLoader;
const service      = require('../index.js');

module.exports = service.appManager;

service.buildApp('app-name', {
    //constructor options
}).once('post-init', function() {
    //custom initialization stuff
});

service.buildShellApp('app-name', {
    //constructor options
});

moduleLoader.loadModules([
    __dirname + '/routes/v1.0/', //versioned http endpoints
    __dirname + '/routes/shell/', //user defined shell commands
], {
    except: [] //list of paths that should NOT be imported
});
```

See the API of {@link AppInterface} application interface.  
See {@tutorial 1b.Routing} tutorial for a basic endpoint definition.
